Issue Tracker for One Night at Tux, and explaination for why it's not open source despite the mascot and theming.

If this were a fangame for any other franchise, [I](https://github.com/IoIxD) would open this up. The problem is that this is a FNAF fangame, and FNAF and its fangames are IPs that are notoriously used by malware creators to create viruses, and it's bad enough even when most of them are closed source. There is a valid fear that somebody (see: Android content farmers) would abuse the open source nature of the project to create a virus. This is normally a lousy excuse not to make something open source, but in the case of a FNAF fangame, it is historically viable. While it is true that somebody could do this with a closed source project too, making it properly open source is asking for somebody to do it. All of this also assumes that the game would ever get popular and anyone would do this, but the fact that this is a possibility (and one that is heightened by this being a FNAF fangame) makes us not want to open source it.

With all of that said, I am willing to invite people that I know personally into the private repo if they would like to do cool things with it and/or port it to other platforms. If you are in this category of people, you know where to contact me.

*(Also, somebody on the team recalls hearing a very relevant story of a small indie horror game being taken and infected with a (successful) virus by somebody whom the creator thought was a friend, but citation is needed for this.)*
